[processor/tailsampling] add practical usage example (#26480)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: processor/tailsamplingprocessor/README.md

Refer to [tail_sampling_config.yaml](./testdata/tail_sampling_config.yaml) for detailed examples on using the processor.

## A Practical Example

Imagine that you wish to configure the processor to implement the following rules:

1. **Rule 1:** Not all teams are ready to move to tail sampling. Therefore, sample all traces that are not from the team `team_a`.

1. **Rule 2:** Sample only 1 percent of Readiness/liveness probes

1. **Rule 3:** `service-1` has a noisy endpoint `/v1/name/{id}`. Sample only 1 percent of such traces.

1. **Rule 4:** Other traces from `service-1` should be sampled at 100 percent.

1. **Rule 5:** Sample all traces if there is an error in any span in the trace.

1. **Rule 6:** Add an escape hatch. If there is an attribute called `app.force_sample` in the span, then sample the trace at 100 percent.

Here is what the configuration would look like:

```yaml
tail_sampling:
  decision_wait: 10s
  num_traces: 100
  expected_new_traces_per_sec: 10
  policies: [
      {

>         # Rule 1: use always_sample policy for services that are not using tail sampling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Rule 1: use always_sample policy for services that don't belong to team_a and are not ready to use tail sampling
```

        and:
          {
            and_sub_policy:
              [
                {
                  name: services-using-tail_sampling-policy,
                  type: string_attribute,
                  string_attribute:
                    {
                      key: service.name,
                      values:
                        [
                          list,
                          of,
                          services,
                          using,
                          tail_sampling,
                        ],
                      invert_match: true,
                    },
                },
                { name: sample-all-policy, type: always_sample },
              ],
          },
      },
      # BEGIN: policies for team_a
      {
        # Rule 2: low sampling for readiness/liveness probes
        name: team_a-probe,
        type: and,
        and:
          {
            and_sub_policy:
              [
                {
                  # filter by service name
                  name: service-name-policy,
                  type: string_attribute,
                  string_attribute:
                    {
                      key: service.name,

>                       values: [service-1, service-2, service-3],

Reviewer: nit: since this is an example code, I would find it easier to read if the formatting of the policies matched. for example here the values in the array are listed in a single line whereas in line 245 they're split up across multiple lines.

Author: i let auto-formatters make such decisions - which ends up producing the most readable result. I believe the formatter automatically splits into separate lines them if the single line is above a certain threshold number of characters.
